(javascript) update parameters and formatting of some references (#1912)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/references/javascript/sign-in/sign-in.mdx

  - `'web3_okx_wallet_signature'`: The verification will attempt to be completed using the user's Web3 wallet address via [OKX Wallet](/docs/authentication/web3/okx-wallet). The `identifier` parameter can also be specified to select which of the user's known Web3 wallets will be used.
  - `'ticket'`: The user will be authenticated via the ticket _or token_ generated from the Backend API.
  - `'google_one_tap'`: The user will be authenticated with the Google One Tap UI. It's recommended to use [`authenticateWithGoogleOneTap()`](/docs/components/authentication/google-one-tap#authenticate-with-google-one-tap) instead, as it will also set the user's current session as active for you.

  ---

  - `identifier`
  - `string`

  The authentication identifier for the sign-in. This can be the value of the user's email address, phone number, username, or Web3 wallet address.

  ---

  - `password?`
  - `string`

  The user's password. Only supported if `strategy` is set to `'password'` and [password](/docs/authentication/configuration/sign-up-sign-in-options#authentication-strategies) is enabled.

  ---

  - `ticket?`
  - `string`

>   **Required** if `strategy` is set to `'ticket'`.<br />The [ticket _or token_](/docs/custom-flows/embedded-email-links#generate-a-sign-in-token) generated from the Backend API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Required** if `strategy` is set to `'ticket'`. The [ticket _or token_](/docs/custom-flows/embedded-email-links#generate-a-sign-in-token) generated from the Backend API.
```

  ---

  - `redirectUrl?`
  - `string`

>   If `strategy` is set to `'oauth_<provider>'` or `'enterprise_sso'`, it is the full URL or path that the OAuth provider should redirect to, on successful authorization on their part. Typically, this will be a simple `/sso-callback` route that calls [`Clerk.handleRedirectCallback`](/docs/references/javascript/clerk/handle-navigation#handle-redirect-callback) or mounts the [`<AuthenticateWithRedirectCallback />`](/docs/components/control/authenticate-with-callback) component. See the [custom flow](/docs/custom-flows/oauth-connections) for implementation details.<br />If `strategy` is set to `'email_link'`, it is the URL that the user will be redirected to when they visit the email link. See the [custom flow](/docs/custom-flows/email-links) for implementation details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If `strategy` is set to `'oauth_<provider>'` or `'enterprise_sso'`, this specifies the full URL or path that the OAuth provider should redirect to after successful authorization on their part. Typically, this will be a simple `/sso-callback` route that either calls [`Clerk.handleRedirectCallback`](/docs/references/javascript/clerk/handle-navigation#handle-redirect-callback) or mounts the [`<AuthenticateWithRedirectCallback />`](/docs/components/control/authenticate-with-callback) component. See the [custom flow](/docs/custom-flows/oauth-connections) for implementation details.
  
  If `strategy` is set to `'email_link'`, this specifies the URL that the user will be redirected to when they visit the email link. See the [custom flow](/docs/custom-flows/email-links) for implementation details.
```

  ---

  - `actionCompleteRedirectUrl?`
  - `string`

>   **Optional** if `strategy` is set to `'oauth_<provider>'` or `'enterprise_sso'`.<br />The URL that the user will be redirected to, after successful authorization from the OAuth provider and Clerk sign in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Optional** if `strategy` is set to `'oauth_<provider>'` or `'enterprise_sso'`. The URL that the user will be redirected to, after successful authorization from the OAuth provider and Clerk sign-in.
```

  ---

  - `transfer?`
  - `boolean`

  When set to `true`, the `SignIn` will attempt to retrieve information from the active `SignUp` instance and use it to complete the sign-in process. This is useful when you want to seamlessly transition a user from a sign-up attempt to a sign-in attempt.

  ---

  - `oidcPrompt?`
  - `string`

>   **Optional** if `strategy` is set to `'oauth_<provider>'` or `'enterprise_sso'`.<br />The value to pass to the [OIDC `prompt` parameter](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#:~:text=prompt,reauthentication%20and%20consent.) in the generated OAuth redirect URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Optional** if `strategy` is set to `'oauth_<provider>'` or `'enterprise_sso'`. The value to pass to the [OIDC `prompt` parameter](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#:~:text=prompt,reauthentication%20and%20consent.) in the generated OAuth redirect URL.
```
